I got a question about anonymous auth and
kind of, so my understanding,
really with apps in the Apple ecosystem,
right?
Usually you have to,
one of the requirements I believe is-
>> Yes.
>> The app has to work without signing in,
right?
>> Yes.
>> So they don't just download an app and
then it does nothing, right?
So yeah, what's that look like, I guess,
anonymous login and
then to iCloud or Google?
>> Yeah, no, you're 100% right,
this is actually one of my favorite
features of anonymous auth.
And I did a talk in the past on this one.
So let's say you have an iOS app and
we also have a feature called
Dynamic Links that allow you to link
out to deep link someone into an app.
So if someone's like check out this recipe
in your recipe app and they tap on it.
No one likes tapping the link and
then it pops up and it's like login, and
you're like I just wanted
to read the recipe.
So what you can do is
you can do a deep link.
And then instead of logging in, you can
say this user doesn't have an account,
let's log them in anonymously.
And so they get access to these pages and
everything, but
they're not a long term
user of this application.
And then if they're clicking around and
they're like, I wish I could save recipes,
I wish I could do that.
You can say, great,
upgrade to full account with us, and
then you do the account linking.
So it does allow you to write your
whole app as if it is only allows for
authentication.
But when someone comes in who
you want to use as a guest or
just not have to create a profile,
anonymous auth is the way to go.
And then any state that they save,
they can still persist that
UID onto a full time account.
So it's a really nice upgrade and without
having to put a big wall in front of them.
So yeah, you're 100% right.
All right, your question.
>> Yeah, to implement a custom auth
provider is there any specification you
have to follow or is it OAuth or
can you say more about that?
>> Yeah, so like custom auth
involved some server code,
cuz we have to connect out to your server.
It's the most involved,
I would say, of all the setups.
But basically we need to know some
things about how to make sure that
when users are coming in from
your back-end that were minting,
we're able to verify and
mint things properly.
But then at that point, they are using
Firebase Authentication, but
they're still a part of
your account system.
We're just using them as a token
generator, basically, so
you can be secure with other Firebase
services, which we're about to dive into.
>> So would you send like an email and
password to our token service,
get token back, similarly?
>> Depending on how
your auth system works.
So your auth system very well could
be an email and password-based one,
you'll have to create sort
of like a custom credential.
But you also could have a OAuth
system that could be, or
also we supply a lot of OAuth providers,
but we don't provide many more.
And so I don't think you can
log in with Instagram or
LinkedIn, I don't believe those are there.
But in those cases you can use
custom auth to log in with those.
And so custom auth's very flexible.
So it depends on what provider
you're using, however it goes.
Yeah, you just kinda link it up together,
it's kind of hard to say off the top of my
head, it's kind of this mult-step process.
But it's not too intensive and there's
a ton of documentation on how to do it.
All right.
>> I liked your comment about
custom auth versus going all in,
I don't know if you can talk to that-
>> Yeah, so someone asked when you would
do something like Firebase Authentication
or when you should do your own.
I would just always say that
authentication is very important,
it's super important to get right.
So no matter what you do, you just go all
in on whatever approach you want to do.
So if you want to use something
like a third party tool,
like Firebase Authentication to
manage your users, that's great.
We care deeply about security and
all the tooling we have around that.
But if you do your own, then also do the
same, care deeply about it and do that.
Just I would say that don't go into
the mindset of your app saying like, well,
let's kinda start rolling
our own authentication.
And then if it doesn't go well,
then maybe we'll go use a provider.
That ends up being more
trouble than it's worth.
So I find that you either feel really good
and secure about your own solution or
you go into a solution that is tried and
true.